README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=v5NwqALfSb)](https://codecov.io/gh/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest)

This repository holds my own code implementation for the DataCamp course [Unit Testing for Data Science in Python by Dibya Chakravorty](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/unit-testing-for-data-science-in-python). 

Please make sure that you have installed the package `univariate_linear_regression` in this repo using `pip` before running `pytest`. Otherwise, you may get `ImportError`s.

To install it, first clone the repo.

```
git clone https://github.com/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest.git
```

Then install the package locally using `pip`, making sure that you are using Python version `>=3.6`.

```
Go to project folder and execute: pip install .
```

Once the installation finishes, you can run all the tests by doing 

```
pytest --mpl
```

![Function Lifecycle](fig1.png)
![Test Driven Development - Function Lifecycle](fig2.png)

Commit message:

Add description for function lifecycle figures in Readme file

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=v5NwqALfSb)](https://codecov.io/gh/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest)

This repository holds my own code implementation for the DataCamp course [Unit Testing for Data Science in Python by Dibya Chakravorty](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/unit-testing-for-data-science-in-python). 

Please make sure that you have installed the package `univariate_linear_regression` in this repo using `pip` before running `pytest`. Otherwise, you may get `ImportError`s.

To install it, first clone the repo.

```
git clone https://github.com/jdquerales/UnivariateLinearModel-Pytest.git
```

Then install the package locally using `pip`, making sure that you are using Python version `>=3.6`.

```
Go to project folder and execute: pip install .
```

Once the installation finishes, you can run all the tests by doing 

```
pytest --mpl
```

* The figures below summarise the main learning outcomes of this course: Test-Driven Development methodology for any Software / Data Science project 


![Function Lifecycle](fig1.png)
![Test Driven Development - Function Lifecycle](fig2.png)
